Add community education resources to EIPs page (#12117)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/eips/index.md

If you’re interested to read more about EIPs, check out the [EIPs website](https://eips.ethereum.org/) and [EIP-1](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1). Here are some useful links:

> ### Official EIP resources

Reviewer: Ethereum Improvement Proposals are by and for the community. EIP editors and ECH team supports to make them publicly accessible at https://eips.ethereum.org/

My preference will be to refrain from "Official".

Author: > My preference will be to refrain from "Official".

I talked about this in [another comment](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/pull/12117#discussion_r1531415853), but I'll provide more context here. The rationale for "official" is to separate  what is the authoritative source of information about the specification, description, and status of EIPs/ERCs (eips.ethereum.org and ercs.ethereum.org) from other resources that make information about EIPs/ERCs easier to consume. For example, the [OMG Wiki](https://www.omgwiki.org/dido/doku.php?id=dido:public:ra:xapend:xapend.b_stds:defact:ethereum:eip:erc_0020) directly pulls information about EIPs from eips.ethereum.org, but has a notice like the following on every page: 

*"Note: The following is an excerpt from the official Ethereum site. It is provided here as a convenience and is not authoritative. Refer to the original document as the authoritative reference."*

AFAIK, the other resources I listed on the page would fall into the category of "providing information as a convenience" and wouldn't be authoritative. An example: it's possible the specification for an EIP changes just after the authors appear to discuss the EIP on PEEPanEIP; I write the EIPs For Nerds series and the specification for at least for one EIP has changed significantly since I started publishing deep dives on EIPs (which means I need to update to reflect what's displayed on the EIP's page on eips.ethereum.org). EIPs Insight and eips.wtf are probably exceptions, but it's sort of the difference between [erc4337.com](https://erc4337.com/) and [erc4337.io](https://www.erc4337.io/)--both are offering roughly the same information, but have different levels of authoritativeness.

- [A list of every EIP](https://eips.ethereum.org/all)
- [A description of all EIP types](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1#eip-types)
- [A description of all EIP statuses](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1#eip-process)

> ### Community education projects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Community education projects {#community-projects}

```

If you’re interested to read more about EIPs, check out the [EIPs website](https://eips.ethereum.org/) and [EIP-1](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1). Here are some useful links:

### Official EIP resources

> - [A list of every EIP](https://eips.ethereum.org/all)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [A list of every Ethereum Improvement Proposal](https://eips.ethereum.org)
```

> - [A description of all EIP types](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1#eip-types)

Reviewer: It is all listed on the [page](https://eips.ethereum.org). I don't see a need for listing them separately. 
Instead, we can add info on related meetings.

Author: > Instead, we can add info on related meetings.

What meetings do you have in mind--the [EIPIP meetings](https://github.com/ethcatherders/EIPIP)? I suppose we could add that in somewhere depending on how discussions over the structure for the listing play out.

> - [A description of all EIP statuses](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1#eip-process)

Reviewer: The same comment as above. It doesn't seem necessary to me.

Author: I added PEEPanEIP to the community education section. Now that the EIPs and ERCs repositories are apart, I can add a link pointing to ercs.ethereum.org and remove the duplicate links from the existing official EIP resources section. Thoughts?

### Community education projects {#community-projects}

- [EIPs For Nerds](https://ethereum2077.substack.com/t/eip-research) — *EIPs For Nerds provides comprhensive, ELI5-style overviews of various Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs), including core EIPs and application/infrastructure-layer EIPs (ERCs), to educate readers and shape consensus around proposed changes to the Ethereum protocol.* 
- [PEEPanEIP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F) — *PEEPanEIP is an educational video series that discusses Ethereum Improvement Proposal (EIPs) and key features of upcoming upgrades.*
- [EIPs.wtf](https://www.eips.wtf/) — *EIPs.wtf provides extra information for Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs), including their status, implementation details, related pull requests, and community feedback.* 
- [EIP.Fun](https://eipfun.substack.com/) — *EIP.Fun provides the latest news on Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs), updates on EIP meetings, and more.*
- [EIPs Insight](https://eipsinsight.com/) — *EIPs Insight is a representation of state of Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs) process & statistics as per information collected from different resoucrces.*

> 

Reviewer: IMO, any public project should not require "sign-in" in general. I am not comfortable with a link with "Substack". However, I am okay with other community projects without subscription suggestions.

Author: > any public project should not require "sign-in" in general.

I'm not sure I understand what you mean here. Readers have the option to read articles on Substack without signing in (even if the publication is paid, only the paid articles requiring with a subscriber account to read the content). But if the issue is that readers on Substack are prompted with subscription suggestions (even though subscribing costs nothing and is only a way for readers to keep up with newly published content), how is that a problem?

> I am not comfortable with a link with "Substack".

Is there a reason Substack links shouldn't be included here? One of the reasons I separated the eips.ethereum.org website links from the rest was to ensure readers always go the authoritative source (eips.ethereum.org) for information about EIPs before considering visiting other platforms that also provide EIP-related information. But it doesn't mean the other platforms aren't as important: not every person who lands on the page is an expert capable of understanding the (often highly) technical descriptions of EIPs on eips.ethereum.org, so providing alternative educational resources for beginner/intermediate-level readers is important.
